---
layout: post
author: Kim Rune Solstad
---

# init
A recent goal of mine has been to write more. Usually, when I have spent my time learning things, it has involved either reading something or building something, never writing something. It is a sad reality because I have believed that writing promotes critical thinking ever since the early days of uni. Yet, it has taken me almost a decade to start this blog. But that is water under the bridge now, and I am happy to say that I have finally started. I intend for this blog to be a place to leave my notes on the subjects I'm learning. Teaching others is a great way to learn a topic because you expose your shortcomings regarding that topic. Identifying my deficiencies helps me remember where to focus. That should make me a better software developer. At least, that is the strategy I am going with. Apart from this, I believe everyone should adopt the habit of sharing their knowledge. In computer science, things change quickly, and posts, guides, and manuals rapidly become outdated.

## whoami
I currently work as a software consultant in Oslo. I graduated in 2015 from NTNU with a master's in computer technology. Since then, I have worked mostly backend with embedded systems and distributed systems. I have also started and closed an (unsuccessful🤫) company. For the last couple of years, I have been working on a vast distributed system for insurance. Despite my focus on backend development, I want to do more with the full stack. For this reason, I try to learn some frontend technologies during my spare time. When I am not working, I enjoy a good workout at my favorite place in Oslo, Crossfit Gamlebyen.